h1. Le Torte di Chiara Web Site Sources

This project repo contains the web site sources used to generate and update the static HTML web site hosted at letortedichiara.com. A running copy of the web site is available on the gh-pages branch and can be navigated from empo.github.com/Le-Torte-di-Chiara/.

h2. What's behind the project

* "nanoc":http://nanoc.stoneship.org/, to dynamically generate the HTML static web site 
* nanoc rake extension **project:update**, to automate the following tasks:
** generate the domain site
** generate the gh-pages site
** commit changes to master branch
** commit changes to gh-pages branch (which automatically will update the gh-pages site)
** update (ftp) domain site (based on domain site generation).
* nanoc config extension, to customize the output site root URL. During the web site generation, all links are automatically built according to the current configured site root.
* bash script (rake invoked) to automate a few shell tasks

h2. What's behind the web site

* "Galleriffic":http://www.twospy.com/galleriffic/ jquery plugin renders image galleries
* "Curvycorners":http://www.curvycorners.net/ javascript plugin renders beautiful rounded corners

Any other stuff is pure and personal HTML, CSS and Javascript.

h2. License

Source code licensed under the terms of the "MIT license":http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php.

Web Site contents licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License</a> with attribution: **Copyright 2010-2011 Le torte di Chiara Cake Designer**.
